BUGFIX: return events if provided when current = desired sfreq (#13070)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/devel/13070.bugfix.rst

> return events if provided when current = desired sfreq
> in :func:`mne.io.base.resample` by :newcontrib:`Roy Eric Wieske`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return events when requested even when current matches the desired sfreq in :meth:`mne.io.Raw.resample` by :newcontrib:`Roy Eric Wieske`.
```
